{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Confirmation bias
\f1\b0  is the natural tendency to seek out, interpret, and remember information that supports our existing beliefs while ignoring or undervaluing evidence that contradicts them.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 In the world of investing, this bias acts as a filter that prevents us from seeing the full picture of a company\'92s health. When an investor falls in love with a stock, they often only read bullish research reports and follow social media accounts that share their optimism. The consequence is a dangerous "echo chamber" effect, which can lead to overconfidence, the dismissal of legitimate warning signs, and a failure to adjust one's strategy as the underlying fundamentals of an investment change.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A notable example involves many investors in the energy giant Enron before its collapse. Even as independent analysts and whistleblowers began raising red flags about the company\'92s opaque accounting practices, many loyal shareholders dismissed the critics as "short-sellers" or "people who didn't understand the new economy." Because they were so convinced of Enron\'92s prestige, they focused exclusively on the company's glowing press releases and ignored the mounting evidence of fraud until the stock price hit zero.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To combat this, you should actively seek out the "bear case" for every investment you own by reading dissenting opinions and questioning your own thesis. Cultivating a mindset of intellectual humility and maintaining a checklist of reasons why your investment might fail can help you remain objective in a shifting market.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The most effective way to break confirmation bias is to treat your beliefs as hypotheses to be tested, rather than truths to be defended.
\f2\fs24 \
}