{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Economic moat
\f1\b0  is a distinct, sustainable competitive advantage that protects a company\'92s long-term profits and market share from being eroded by competitors.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 In real investing, a moat is the difference between a company that enjoys decades of high margins and one that sees its profits "competed away" by rivals. Without a moat, a successful business is like a castle without a wall; as soon as it shows high returns, competitors will rush in to offer lower prices or better features, eventually turning the product into a commodity. Identifying these structural advantages allows investors to find "compounding machines" that can survive economic downturns and industry shifts.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A classic example of an "Intangible Asset" moat is 
\f0\b Coca-Cola
\f1\b0 . Even though anyone can manufacture a dark, carbonated sugar water, no one can replicate the century of brand equity and global distribution network that Coke has built. This moat allows the company to charge a premium price and maintain shelf space in almost every corner of the world, regardless of how many new soda brands enter the market. Even with massive marketing budgets, Pepsi has failed to de-throne Coke because Coke's moat isn't just the recipe\'97it is a global distribution system and a brand identity deeply embedded in cultural history.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To secure your portfolio, you should look for businesses that aren't just winning today, but have a "structural "un-fair" advantage that makes it difficult for others to win tomorrow.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The most successful long-term investors buy the castle and then spend their time making sure the moat is getting wider.
\f2\fs24 \
}