{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Endowment effect
\f1\b0  is a bias where people place a higher value on an object they already own than they would if they did not own it.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 In investing, this leads to an emotional attachment that cloud\'92s one's judgment regarding an asset's true market value. Investors often demand a higher price to sell a stock than they would be willing to pay to acquire that same stock today, simply because it is already in their portfolio. The consequence is a "sticky" portfolio full of stagnant or declining assets that the investor refuses to trade, resulting in missed opportunities and poor capital allocation.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A real-world example is frequently seen with employees who receive company stock as part of their compensation. Many workers in companies like Nortel or Kodak viewed their shares as more valuable than the cash equivalent because they felt a sense of ownership and loyalty. Even as the business landscape shifted and the stocks began to decline, these employees refused to diversify or sell, believing their specific shares were worth more than the "market price" until it was too late.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To overcome this, you should periodically perform a "blank slate" analysis by asking yourself if you would buy your current holdings at today's prices if you didn't already own them. If the answer is no, then the only reason you are still holding the asset is likely the endowment effect rather than sound financial logic.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The key to neutralising this bias is to view your investments as tools for generating wealth rather than personal possessions with sentimental value.
\f2\fs24 \
}