{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Free Cash Flow (FCF)
\f1\b0  is the actual cash a company has left over after paying all its operating expenses and the costs required to maintain or expand its physical assets.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 FCF = Operating Cash Flow - Capital Expenditures\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Free cash flow is the ultimate reality check for investors because, unlike accounting earnings, it cannot be easily manipulated by clever bookkeeping. It represents the "discretionary" money a company can use to pay dividends, buy back shares, or acquire competitors without needing to borrow more money. A company with high earnings but negative FCF is often in trouble, as it is burning more cash to stay alive than it is actually bringing in.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A powerful example of the importance of FCF is the turnaround of 
\f0\b Microsoft
\f1\b0  under Satya Nadella. While the company was already profitable, the shift toward a cloud-based subscription model (Azure) transformed its FCF profile by creating a massive, recurring stream of cash that required relatively low maintenance capital compared to traditional software manufacturing. By 2025, Microsoft's ability to generate over 
\f0\b $70 billion
\f1\b0  in annual free cash flow allowed it to make massive investments in AI startups and return billions to shareholders simultaneously, proving that cash\'97not just profit\'97is the lifeblood of growth.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To evaluate a business correctly, you must look past the "paper profits" on the income statement and verify that the company is actually putting cash in the bank.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The most resilient investments are found in companies that can generate plenty of cash while continuing to grow their operations.
\f2\fs24 \
}