{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Herd mentality
\f1\b0  is the tendency for investors to follow the actions of a larger group, often ignoring their own analysis to find comfort in the "wisdom of the crowd."
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 In a financial context, this bias creates a feedback loop where prices are driven more by social momentum than by intrinsic value. When everyone is buying, the fear of missing out (FOMO) overrides caution, leading to speculative bubbles; conversely, mass selling during a downturn often triggers irrational panics. The ultimate consequence is buying at market peaks and selling at market troughs, which is the exact opposite of a successful long-term investment strategy.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A classic modern example is the "Nifty Fifty" era of the early 1970s, where institutional investors crowded into a small group of high-growth stocks like Polaroid and Xerox. Because these companies were viewed as "one-decision" stocks\'97meaning you simply bought and never sold\'97the herd drove valuations to extreme levels, with some price-to-earnings ratios exceeding 80 or 90. When the herd finally turned, these popular stocks plummeted far more than the broader market, leaving those who followed the crowd with losses that took over a decade to recover.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To protect yourself, you must develop a rigorous investment thesis based on data rather than headlines or social media trends. By maintaining a clear understanding of why you own an asset, you gain the psychological independence needed to remain calm when the crowd is panicking or to stay cautious when everyone else is euphoric.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The best way to resist the herd is to focus on your own financial goals and remember that what is popular is rarely what is profitable in the long run.
\f2\fs24 \
}