{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Loss aversion
\f1\b0  is the psychological phenomenon where the pain of losing money is felt twice as intensely as the joy of gaining the exact same amount.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 This bias is a critical hurdle in investing because it distorts our perception of risk and reward. Instead of making objective decisions based on future potential, investors often become paralyzed by the fear of realizing a loss. This frequently leads to "the disposition effect," where individuals sell their winning stocks too early to lock in a sense of safety while holding onto losing positions for far too long, hoping to eventually break even.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A striking real-world example of loss aversion is seen in the behavior of many individual investors during the "Dot-com" crash. As tech stocks plummeted, many refused to sell their shares because doing so would have "finalized" the loss in their minds. By holding onto companies with failing business models just to avoid the emotional sting of a realized loss, these investors watched their positions drop $90\\%$ or more, whereas a rational exit at a $20\\%$ loss would have preserved most of their capital.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To counter this instinct, you should shift your focus from individual daily fluctuations to the long-term performance of your total portfolio. Establishing a pre-determined exit strategy\'97such as a stop-loss order or a rule-based rebalancing plan\'97can help remove the emotional weight of "admitting defeat" on a specific trade.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The best defense against loss aversion is a disciplined, automated process that values evidence over emotion.
\f2\fs24 \
}