{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)
\f1\b0  is a calculation that shows how efficiently a company generates profits using the total money invested by both shareholders and lenders.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ROIC = Net Operating Profit After Taxes (NOPAT) / Invested Capital
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 This metric is vital because it reveals the true quality of a business, distinguishing between companies that grow by simply throwing more money at projects and those that create genuine value. A high ROIC suggests a "moat," or a competitive advantage, such as a strong brand or proprietary technology, that allows a firm to turn capital into significant wealth. In the long run, a company\'92s ability to generate a return higher than its cost of capital is the primary driver of sustainable stock price appreciation.
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 A modern example of capital efficiency is 
\f0\b Nvidia
\f1\b0  during the AI infrastructure boom of the mid-2020s. While many hardware companies face heavy capital expenditures to build factories, Nvidia\'92s fabless model allows it to generate massive profits by focusing on design and software. For the fiscal year ending in early 2026, Nvidia reported a staggering ROIC of approximately 
\f0\b 97%
\f1\b0 , meaning for every dollar of capital invested in the business, they were generating nearly a dollar in annual operating profit\'97a level of efficiency that highlights their dominant market position and high-margin product mix.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To truly understand an investment, you must look beyond simple earnings growth and ask how much capital was required to produce those results.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The most successful investors prioritize companies that can consistently reinvest their profits at high rates of return.
\f2\fs24 \
}