{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Shareholder returns
\f1\b0  are the total profits a company distributes to its owners, primarily through direct cash dividends and share buybacks that increase the value of remaining shares.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Shareholder Yield = (Cash Dividends Paid + Net Share Repurchases) / Market Capitalization
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 This concept matters because it reveals how management prioritizes its "excess" cash once the bills are paid and the business is funded. While high-growth companies reinvest every penny, mature and efficient firms use buybacks to reduce share count\'97making each of your shares worth a larger percentage of the company\'97and dividends to provide immediate income. The consequence of ignoring this is often "diworsification," where companies waste cash on bad acquisitions instead of simply giving it back to the rightful owners.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 A powerful recent example is 
\f0\b Apple
\f1\b0  under the leadership of Tim Cook. Despite being one of the world's largest companies, Apple recognized it generated more cash than it could possibly spend on new products, so it launched a massive capital return program. By 2024 and 2025, Apple was returning over 
\f0\b $90 billion
\f1\b0  annually through buybacks and dividends, effectively shrinking its share count by nearly 
\f0\b 40%
\f1\b0  over a decade and driving massive gains for long-term holders even during periods of modest revenue growth.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 To judge a management team's quality, you must evaluate whether they are being responsible stewards of your capital or if they are hoarding cash that belongs to you.
\f2\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 The most investor-friendly companies are those that view their shareholders as partners who deserve a slice of the actual cash profits.
\f2\fs24 \
}